Trees:
Tea Tree
Rivergum Tree
Eucalyptus Tree
Wattle Tree
Flame Tree
Pine Tree
Palm Tree

Crops:
Beetroot
Eggplant
Parsnip
Onion
Cauliflower
Cabbage
Beans
Leek
Broccoli
Zucchini
Cucumber
Turnip
Corn
Avocado


Fruit & Nuts:
Plum
Fig
Orange
Lime
Pomegranate
Pineapple
Tangerine
Canteloupe
Macadamia
Walnut
Coconut
Starfruit
Passionfruit
Tangelo
Apricot
Dragonfruit
Nectarine
Persimmon
Kiwi Fruit
Grapefruit
Guava
Hazelnut
Cashew
Peanut

Berries:
Mulberry

Misc. Food:
Raw Egg
Boiled Egg
Cheese
Bacon
Salt
Butter
Margarine
Cheesecake
Lemon Butter

Misc. Drinks:
Tea
Coffee

Vanilla Tweaks:
Better Sugar Cane
Better Eggs
Armour, tool and weapon weights - slow you down depending on the weight of your armour an the tool you're holding.

Monsters:
Puyldarthbraquafrudon - Boss Mob, summoned by creating an altar out of Usther blocks an striking it with lightning.
Vampire - Dies instantly in fire, but otherwise can't die. Looks like villager. Burns in daylight. Overworld monster.
Ghost - Can go through blocks, but dies in high light levels. Overworld monster.
Odolectulo - Creeper that doesn't want to kill you, but has a tendency to blow up beds. Usther monster.
Faxatterit - Odd looking creature that aims to destroy light sources, easy to kill and very rare. Usther monster.

Animals:
Fish - Swim in water. Drop raw fish when killed. Different types and sizes. Can't survive in air.

Biomes:
Overgrowth - Large amounts of double tall grass, and trees covered in vines. Overworld.
Ustheric Mountains - Towering mountains, with physhrooms, Phosphorous Ustherite and Graith Boulders on the tops.
Ustheric Hills - Hilly areas, with physrooms spawning rarely
Ustheric Plains (Reworked) - More flat, with rare physrooms spawning
Ustheric Wasteland - More like the current Ustheric Plains, but with physrooms, and occasional craters of phosphorous ustherite
Ustheric Overhangs - Large, vertical ustherite pillars with overhangs and the rare Luququorthinate Ore

Blocks:
Grey Ustherite - Comes in all the forms of regular Ustherite, spawns in patches in ALL Usther Biomes
White Ustherite - Comes in all the forms of regular Ustherite, spawns in patches in ALL Usther Biomes
Phosphorous Ustherite - Comes in all the forms of regular Ustherite. Glows, and spawns rarely in certain Usther Biomes.
Graith - A block with gravity and an animated texture that goes from red to green

Materials:
Luququorthinate - VERY RARE. Spawns only in Ustheric Overhangs biomes. Many colours.
Neodymium
Gadolinium
Samarium
Bismuth
Zirconium
Antimony
Dysprosium

Alloys:
Pewter (Alloy of Tin + Bismuth)
Pig Iron (Alloy of Iron + Diamond)
Meteoric Iron (Alloy of Iron + Nickel)
Cerrosafe (Alloy of Lead + Bismuth)
Nichrome (Alloy of Chromium + Nickel)
Billon (Alloy of Silver + Copper)
Rose Gold (Alloy of Gold + Copper)
Chromel (Alloy of Chromium + Nickel)
Pseudo Palladium (Alloy of Rhodium + Silver)
Britannium (Alloy of Tin + Copper)
Staballoy (Alloy of Uranium + Titanium)
Zamak (Alloy of Zinc + Aluminium)
Zircaloy (Alloy of Zirconium + Tin)
Platinum Sterling (Alloy of Silver + Platinum)
Cupronickel (Alloy of Nickel + Bronze)
Inconel (Alloy of Nickel + Chromium)
Coin Silver (Alloy of Brass + Nickel)
Permalloy (Alloy of Nickel + Iron)
Trytementite (Alloy of Trytementium + Cursed Diamond)
Gundarium (Alloy of Titanium + Lunar)
Xevium (Alloy of Xevialt + Hureesium)
Rearqimdian (Alloy of Xevium + Rubium)
Xevialt (Alloy of Daeyalt + Lunar)
Hureesium (Alloy of Mithril + Zarcron)
Zarcron (Alloy of Xevialt + Lead)
Phylonyton (Alloy of Hureesium + Radimalagnite)
Frerandanium (Alloy of Phylonyton + Fluxed Ylvoltium)
Ultimatium (Alloy of Unobtanium + Frerandanium)
Radimalagnite (Alloy of Malagnite + Plutonium)
Cursed Diamond (Alloy of Diamond + Liquid Corrupt ManaFlux)
Breradium (Alloy of Trytementite + Voidium)
Uncharged Ylvoltium (Alloy of Trytementium + Voidium)
Amberlixen (Alloy of Amber + Amazonite)

Recipes for Existing Alloys:
Steel (Alloy of Iron + Coal)
Electrum (Alloy of Gold + Silver)
Goloid (Alloy of Electrum + Copper)
Adamant (Alloy of Adamanite + Cobalt)
Rubium (Alloy of Ruby + Iridium)
Bronze (Alloy of Copper + Tin)

Machines:
Magmatic Furnace - Melts things down into molten liquids, used for alloys
Crusher - 3x3x3 multiblock, lvl2 pulverizer. Allows for 3-4x Ore Processing
Soldering Table - Takes Molten Solder and a soldering iron to craft very precise machine parts
Refridgeration Chamber - Cools things down, used for alloys
Fluid Mixer - Mixes fluids together with other fluids or with items. used to make alloys
Metal Presser - Presses metals into plates
Purification Chamber - Purifies gems to enable the cutting of shapes
Gem Cutter - Cuts pure gems into shapes
Enrichment Chamber - Infuses magical energy into items
DinoMaker2000 - Uses fossils and dark magicks to recreate dinosaurs
Essense Extractor - Extracts magical essences from items
Essensular Assembler - Create new items using essences
Temperature Modification Chamber - Magmatic Furnace, Furnace and Refridgeration Chamber all in one 3x3x3 multiblock
Essense Combinatron - Combines Essences into new ones
Infusion Chamber - Infuse one item into another
Molecular Duplicator - Duplicates items. 'Nuff said. (TBH uses a shit ton of power, magic and essence)
Soul Extractor - Using an extracted player's heart, extract the soul from it
Soul Explorer - Allows for the installation of essensular upgrade modules into a soul *
Soul Stabiliser - Resets a soul in the case of an emergency, will destroy a player's player.dat
Life Force Extractor - Extracts life force from items that contain it (Nether Stars, Souls, Player Hearts, etc.)

* Essences you can add to a soul:
- Essence of air (allows for breath underwater)
- Essence of instability (makes souls unstable)
- Essence of protection (gives you invisible 'armour points')
- Essence of stability (increases stability of soul)
- Essence of destruction (breaks soul slowly)
- Essence of light (makes player illuminate)
- Essence of movement (quicker movement)
- Essence of electricity (use electricity to recharge your health)
- Essence of beast (monsters won't provoke you, villagers run from you)
- Essence of animal (monsters won't provoke you, unable to attack things)
- Essence of peace (Unable to attack things)
- Essence of poison (gives a constant poison effect)
- Essence of life (increases max health)
- Essence of transparency (gives a constant invisibility effect)
- Essence of death (death is not uncommon)
- Essence of magic (use magic to recharge your health)
- Essence of hunger (hunger bar goes down quicker)
- Essence of automation (enables 'autoclicker' hotkey)
- Essence of teleportation (enables 'teleport' hotkey)
- 